okay Reem go back you ask too much you
should it's okay forget the food in the
hand in but just I want you to throw
them a party instead of trying to feed
them while you watch this time okay
everything is the same but when you go
it when you think you need to feed them
free imma throw them a party and only go
like if he offers you 5 steps take it
there
yay good another one another one
good good set them back up do it again
set it back up
here can you walk a little bit quicker
this time I want to walk with some goofy
Azzam instead of thinking so much move
out go
interesting whoa why that time was the
worst even yeah you didn't start off
with give you an attention
they're good yay three one two three
four good treats I want him to think man
I want to do that again because I get
this huge paycheck because with him is
lies in your size you feed him while you
walk just kind of no no no I think it's
throwing your mojo off there
okay try again after this line give a
break okay okay ready yep
all wrong timing he looked at the hand
and then you freedom
I even videotape this you can watch
yourself later no I was right
can yield
there y'all there you go wait